this is the NRS hydrolyzed dry bag it's
using our new hydraulic zip closure
system this hydraulic drive actually has
two closure types so you have your
additional roll top style closure with
the NRS storm strip but it also has our
hydro lock close your system inside of
it as well
the zip style closure really what you're
getting with the two seals the hyper
lock closure is really taken most of
force and giving you that peace of mind
all this roll top is this is added
security a little more peace of mind and
you're also kind of tightening things up
a little bit make it a little bit nicer
package for your show we also include a
small d-ring for securing these dry bags
to your boat just for your convenience
and we actually do these in two versions
this is the round bottom style if you
can see we also do a grommeted one so
you get two little grommets here down in
the corners makes a little bit easier
some nice secure attachment points but
the biggest difference between these two
you'll notice this one is pretty flat
and if you compare it to the round style
pretty much a barrel style dry bag in
particular kayakers are going to like
the grommeted style hydraulic dry bag
with its flatter profile it's going to
be a little bit easier as far as
unloading those bags into their boat and
with the grommets themselves adding some
some more secure attachment points some
of the other features that you'll notice
on this bag obviously this is a clear
urethane window right here makes it
really easy to peel and see what's what
you're looking for you know maybe you're
trying to find that one anchor glove
because I never stick together in the
bag so you will find that pretty easily
with this clear window and this fabric
itself this is a 70 denier you were
think oh - nylon so it's pretty
lightweight very durable
the biggest benefit you're gonna get out
of this bag is a very very dry dry bag
and that's all because the hydro lock is
enclosure system and then when you add
the roll-top style that everybody's used
to on top of that you doubling up really
assuring that you have a very dry
reliable dry back for you and then
practically this window makes it really
easy
beneficial for you to find your stuff
quickly and get you back out on the
water it doesn't matter if you're a
raptor newer or a kayaker between the
two styles of hydraulic dry bags that
they offer and the number of sizes
we definitely have a bag that will work
for